Restructure howtos: Load and Export data (#4026)
pachyderm/pachyderm: doc/how-tos/load-data-into-pachyderm.md

# Load Your Data Into Pachyderm

Before you read this section, make sure that you are familiar with
the [Data Concepts](../concepts/data-concepts/index.html) and
[Pipeline Concepts](../concepts/pipeline-concepts/index.html).

The data that you commit to Pachyderm is stored in an object store of your
choice, such as Amazon S3, MinIO, Google Cloud Storage, or other. Pachyderm

> records the cryptographic hash (`SHA`) of each portion of your data and stores

Author: I was trying to fix two things with this paragraph:
* Remove the non-existing verb _content-address_ that was used in the original text.
* Give a little bit more detail about content-addressing in general, because I don't think a lot of people know what it is. We can remove it completely if you think it's too much.

  store.

* Add multiple files at once by using the `-i` option or multiple `-f` flags. In
the case of `-i`, the target file must be a list of files, paths, or URLs
that you want to input all at once:

  ```sh
  $ pachctl put file <repo>@<branch> -i <file containing list of files, paths, or URLs>
  ```

* Input data from stdin into a data repository by using a pipe:

  ```sh
  $ echo "data" | pachctl put file <repo>@<branch> -f </path/to/file>
  ```

* Add an entire directory or all of the contents at a particular URL, either
HTTP(S) or object store URL, `s3://`, `gcs://`, and `as://`, by using the
recursive flag, `-r`:

  ```sh
  $ pachctl put file <repo>@<branch> -r -f <dir>
  ```

## Loading Your Data Partially

Depending on your use case, you might decide not to import all of your
data into Pachyderm but only store and apply version control to some
of it. For example, if you have a 10 PB dataset, loading the
whole dataset into Pachyderm is a costly operation that takes
a lot of time and resources. To optimize performance and the
use of resources, you might decide to load some of this data into
Pachyderm, leaving the rest of it in its original source.

> One possible way of doing this is adding a `.txt` file with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One possible way of doing this is adding a "metadata" file with a
```

URL to the specific file or directory in your dataset to a Pachyderm

> repository and refer to that text file in your pipeline. Pachyderm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository and refer to that file in your pipeline. Your pipeline code would read the URL or path in the external data source and retrieve that data as needed for processing instead of needing to preload it all into a Pachyderm repo. This works particularly well for mostly-immutable data as Pachyderm
```
